Three months have passed since the war began.
It seems that the time has passed too early to discuss the characteristics of the war.
We are also worried about the success of the war.
Please understand this.
In the next war, both sides of the Koshien and Eidoku countries
have seen very bad results in the previous war.
They want to control their policies as much as possible without losing their will.
We are very careful about the Koshien and Eidoku countries.
We avoid the most reckless way possible.
We do not take the necessary measures to control the situation.
We are not satisfied with the results.
We feel that the decision is not enough.
Unfortunately, we feel the mass
of the war on the one hand, on the other hand,
we feel the maintaining players.
To a source of course, the Koshien is a military war.
Theodynamic is clearly involved in the War on complimentary刚性
People and organizations lost their power
because of political and foreign policy and economy wars
These small forms of wars
have evolved quickly
due to the present circumstances
But Japan has always used low cows
I would like to talk about the characteristics of the two or three countries
and compare them to the previous war.
The first is the nature of war.
The next European war is the German-Poland war
that involves the Danchi-Himondai.
The Cold War was incapable of fighting Hitler.
The 문제가 was not an emergency.
There was a very strong correctly system,
in order to stop the use of this system.